ta ta ta ta ta ta ta minecraft story
mode guys
I'm going to put a momentum on the webcam and this
around here this sees him scream for the moment and
I'm going to teach is one thing that just
to leave has left one half an hour ago
more or less but I could not teach it
before because today is fulfilled they have already
you know I'm a little bit involved with him
it complies and I have not been able to
teach no but yes that is news
bestial bestial guys in ática but we
let this minigame look like a game
super mega indie and moya in that we
put on the official website of moyano
dotcom and when we click to
start we get a kind of adventure
graphic with saved role touches and no
so then we have to have the
history and other things we are not interested in
let's give it
and this for example we are going to give you very
fast all this because we want to see
after all this this is a
foolishness
we have that I have lost back
there we have it there we have it
there we have the interesting thing we have
minecraft this encouraged from within that
minigame that we just saw is going to
tell how good telltale is dedicated
for quite some time to do
xbox versions of android and so on
minecraft and now they have reached a
agreement to create a new game a
new that is going to be a graphic adventure
more or less like from wolf to nuns or
are worth just burst a firecracker here
out the thing is that the frames of
The thing is going to come out a new
Minecraft game this time is not going to be
a game that is not going to be a minecraft
2 how do you make a joke during the
game this is silly but it's going to
get out a monster minecraft worth goes to
be a graphic adventure at the moment
you know nothing more and liza what we have
here right now is this worth the mode
Minecraft story that will be a game
narrative is that in the end it is a way
style history the wolf among us
and well then that will be the envelope minecraft
ok then I do not know if it will count the
steve's story because something like that is what
that is counting later tells me I 'm going to
is collaborating with telltale and the
members of the community to do in
minecraft aviemore story mode and make it
everything else minecraft and be mini craft and the
possible mind is what is nonsense
but it 's very cool uncle this story is not
I know that
there are many people who were waiting
something like that and I think it's going to be great
that will be pretty cool here where
we have the place where everyone
I was hoping that Microsoft will try
take out the pasta that has been spent in hand
here we already have where you are going to get the
to get more minecraft games
explode a bit the franchise almost nothing
it's a franchise you're already seeing no
then it seems good to me it seems good
that they have done it if instead of
put new paid content stuff
things like that call I think that at the moment
they have done it just yet I cross the
fingers so that it does not happen but for now
if they are going to do it again as of
minecraft while not loaded in
the original game seems to me of putísima
mother and the first episode is going to be for
episodes also that this is another one will be
released sometime in 2015 and it will be
digital available for xbox for
playstation for pc for mac ios and
android the micro this time story mode
will be released by episode voucher
just like the word among us the walking
dead 'good from the tale of borderlands
it has also come out or leave within
little I 'm not very sure because of that
yes i'm not
3 of this third such as q
others also coming out of little but not
This company has me happy and I do not
happy because I really wanted to
play the game of thrones and
it turns out that they have put it only in
English and they have not even put
subtitles in Spanish that is can not be
that there are even English subtitles
in no language then you will have to
commission the community to do
subtitle and others to be able to me later
get to enjoy it in conditions but
good as long as they do something like
they have done so far in mainqué
that while minecraft carries a
little the account and say hey you have to
do this this and this and this I think
that was fine I think I would work
so let's be on the side, I'm super
excited about what is going on
this for this news because it is a
Notification that goes tells us we do not try
create a side this official story of
steve or explain the world of minecraft
in details it will be a cool game then
I do not know the same thing is that there does not leave us much
many clear things does not say if it's going to be
something about steve if maybe they say or
no, it's not going to have anything to do with
this is that here you do not understand who
have these people and finally says
minecraft 2
the story in the story was a joke
that at least at the moment is then
well this is the only thing we have
then we have here a post of tls from
game I do not know if something interesting will come out
well here comes out sometime I'm going to
move the screen a bit so that it
see a little better is better to see I think
than taking out this tab or even
being an expert for a moment and guys something
so in this way I drag this window
for here, it looks better, so let's go
to go down
here it comes out to us this image is already
I will save because the same for the
cover would be pretty good so I'll go
to do this over here u and u here I have
here important ball that gives more here
you have a little the folders you want us
usually used to store things
here we also have the official website
Telltale that they are going to do this
so then it's totally
official is totally true it's going to
leave in a few months in 2015
a year from now because in the end we are
in December so what else does it give then
guys this news but he has
cost a lot I know if you can press
like and dead I will not put neither
introduction will be released this video in
As soon as I can copy, the
truth is that it is true that I have
put it late put it on twitter on
how much I found out but of course I'm
with the birthday operatives with
one thing with another I'm going crazy
that has got a respite from a
moment that I'm going to do this and
we continue then one thing that yes that
I'm going to say okay I'm going to announce vale
be very attentive tonight because it's going to
have two surprises worth one is going to be
this
this will be because there is a bit without
reflexes so it looks better better we're in
a surprise that I keep for you later
be vigilant because it will be very
interesting and another basis of madness that
since there is going to be a direct madness
I do not know what time still
I will announce on twitter
but yes he's going to see it then guys
wait so much for this minecraft story model
waiting for a staple tonight and the
raffle draw but you'll tell me and I'll say
the conditions to participate in
draw of this capturing and also
I will make a boxing so you can see how it is
how do you record everything and I hope that
well come out you are happy that
we are at Christmas and we have to
distribute love and captivating illusion
so guys is presented a lot
this video you should press the computer but
we have the next video and see you later